hey guys so on screen now you can see me
doing my 100th moko moko moko moko I had
recently gotten the mole locator which
tells you where the molars down in it's
sort of cave like area and it's really
fast killing moles is insanely fast I
got this done in like under a day which
was pretty nice so on to Granada you
have my loot from or loot from 100 I
guess giant moles now I really doesn't
have any good drops other than I guess
the you logs and the main money comes
from its mole skins and more clause
which you guys can see on screen right
now I've got 100 more clause in 197 mole
skins so what I'm gonna do is go ahead
and sell the other items which is the
rooms the arrows the rune dead and the
other drops I got and then I'm going to
go ahead and exchange the more claws and
mole skins for herbs and seeds basically
you gets bird nests if you exchange them
to the gardener in fally park or
something like that so what the other
loot I didn't pick up every single drop
since it has some pretty crappy jobs
like I guess like myth skins or skins or
something like that just drops out you
don't really necessarily always pick up
I pick it up some of the beginning like
the end of the strengths since I thought
they were going to add up but at the end
of the day I didn't have that much
inventory space since killing the mole
is very quick especially if you have
with what with what I was doing I was
doing one HP da qing i would have my
full th set and then I just went ahead
and killed it with max gear and low HP
DHI was sitting like constant 70s on it
it's a very quick especially with the
mole locator when you always know where
it is so I also had the serpentine helm
and I had a dragon halle as well so I
was poisoning it and I my the dragon
halle spec hits massively on it so it's
a very quick way if you guys are going
for a pet the giant mole pet I feel like
isn't an easy one to get but it's it's
you killed them all very quickly I'm
spoiler like that and it's really no
risk since you never can hit you if you
have protect me Leon some and what you
guys just saw me do was exchanged nests
exchange the mole claws and most skins
for nests and at the end of the day I'm
as she gets I was at 290 something nests
during a 99 I think it's 299 no 292 822
I am I started map anyways he gives you
all these bird nests and some of them
have rings in at some of those seeds in
it and I'm just going to go and open
that really quickly and
show you guys the profit I make now you
guys who saw early in the beginning I
had pretty much I guess I want to say
max gear I was killing with pretty much
in max year i was using something's like
i streamed it at the beginning and
people are saying that warrior him was
better than Berserker ring and stuff
like that and people were also saying
that you can actually poison the giant
mole but that's not true because it did
actually happen but I was actually
surprised that I guess the lack of good
seeds i was getting for bird nests I
thought it'd be getting a lot more has
been specific the higher level ones i
guess like the magic she'd and you seed
but so far you guys to see on screen i
only have one you seed and I only kept a
couple seats since these are very cheap
on this game there's only I guess out of
the dozens seat on this game there's
less than six or seven that actually
worth something and I don't know why I
kept the sweet the strawberry seeds i
thought they're worth something for some
reason but they're really warrants but
some opening these i actually only got
one you seed which you guys can see on
screen right now so that's pretty much
all I got and I got some renar seeds but
that's all I guess the main I get one
magic seed from over three under almost
300 magic or bird nests which sort of
sucks but I then crushed the bird nest
and actually the main money from this
comes from crushing the bird nest that's
actually worth the most since the crush
bird nests is what you use to make a
saradomin brew so that's where the main
money come from that comes from the
giant mole is just I guess the bird
nests you can also sell the more claws
anmol skins as they are like you know if
that shade trade them in but I decided
to exchange them since you'd exchange
them since you do make more money so for
100 giant mole kills I managed to make
1.4 mil or almost 1.5 and I don't really
think it's worth it to do it for money
if you're doing it for the pet then it's
I guess worth it but money wise i was
doing this for probably five five six
hours and i mentioned me like only 1.5
mil so money-wise from something max
like me it's definitely not the best
money in the game I guess so sort of fun
to do but you know not my forte I
probably will go back in the future
though to track at the giant mole pet
since it is pretty awesome so yeah
anyways thank you guys all for watching
if you want me to do another mole video
where I do like 500 goals or something
like that i gladly will and yeah thank
you guys all for watching and I'll see
you for the next video everyone please